Hello and welcome
dear asus friends my name serious and
this is a little win for
you
and that it is time the asus for
chest gaming headset to win
That's a three and a half millimeter
Latch headset where you choose
could also take off the microphone and
the whole example on the smartphone
joins in a bit
the area to traipse with yours
girlfriend talking on the phone listening to music
or what I do not still know everything
and what do you have to do about it
I would have to find a servus headset
like three hashtags of you know
not what a hashtag is what is going on
with you so we want that once
I would like to have hashtag asus
the hashtag sirius and then that
hashtag give away and if you have the three
hashtags then you are
pretty much on the safe side
otherwise you can also like
we want to win the good part
I want and then the whole thing goes around me
we would say let's do it the whole way
about 14 days running in the
In the meantime I will be the good piece
unpack for you and then in
present an unboxing video with it
you also see a little better what it is
just like you give me
wish you, as always, good luck here
have fun until next time
and skin purely and yes, and therefore the whole
Video was not too short for you
I'll give you two more left and right
other asus videos linked to one
the aso sound card that i am currently working on
gaming computer used and the other
my new ssd the pci express system
was built
yes, if that liked the whole or
if you like it
have a win or even more
I like to play games for thumbs
up there that does the thing in any case
really good or if you do not have it yet
you should have done that by now
is the subscribe -button to the man
hammering hard came so I would say
while you think about it
we on this page or on this
side a video peeps I grab myself
times the remote control and does that
whole already out for today